is a grubby weasel who isn't writing enough!
needs to write more.
is basic.
needs to get out in the sun more frequently.
needs serious help beyond what the GRG can provide.
cannot even drive a manual transmission.
needs a life.
writes from one of those tiny elementary school desks.
may need to go to writing rehab.
has confused the pomerano method with the pimento method.
is a very slow typer. Hopefully those words are worth it.
is not impressing me today. Not at all.
is having a rough writing day. Maybe tomorrow will be better.
smells like a Grue.
is reviewer 2.
once told me a deep, dark secret. It was boring.
is still eating Halloween candy from last year.
made a deal with the devil, but forgot to shake on it.
lacks merit.
only knows the decimal number system.
sings along to Taylor Swift songs on the radio.
needs a BIOS refresh.
forgot all the words to their favorite song.
holds the key to the kingdom but cannot find the lock.
does not appreciate the finer things in life.
just cannot seem to get it done today.
relies on scroll and papyrus for their daily writing.
is not a master (or mistress) of the universe.
is not winning any productivity awards this week.
writes like I quilt. Poorly!
reminds me of this dude I met at a gas station. Not in a good way.
is great at writing, but only fanfic.
has an impact factor of negative one.
misuses affect and effect on a frequent basis.
still has a parent cut up their meet into little strips.
simply cannot continue at this lethargic pace.
makes Rick Astley wanna give you up.
writes like the president tweets. Impulsively.
writes with way too much passive voice.
is a likely contender for the Procrastinator of the Year Award.
must be using the 0-0-0 method for writing.
has probably never seen a single episode of Airwolf.
is disappointing me today.
is not going to burn down the barn with productivity today.
does not smell like Teen Spirit.
is not the Eye of the Tiger.
is all haystack, no needle.
is like a box of Raisin Bran with no raisins.
enjoys Nickleback.
is subpar.
always brings the worst stuff to show and tell.
is pretty good, but only if I lower my standards significantly.
leaves me wanting more.
is still procrastinating. How long must we wait?
writes like a gossip columnist for Teen Vogue.
is floundering around like a turtle flipped on its shell.
is a grill cheese sandwich made in the microwave.
is sadly mistaken about the quality of their work.
cannot write while traveling in a vehicle because of motion sickness.
let the dogs out.
eats sandwiches without cutting them diagonally.
is still wearing sweatpants. At this time of day.
is doing work that seems more like a vanity project than real research.
is not without merits. But I struggle to articulate any.
prefers to write in Comic Sans.
is lacking in refinement.
shows poor taste in shoes.
has shown a lack of progress that is actually impressive in its magnitude.
needs a big hug, but isn't getting one from me.
is sadder than a sad clown holding a sad puppy.
is to writing what Roseanne is to sitcom revivals.
is a Flat Earther.
is not oriented toward the Great Perhaps today.
is eating a bowl of writes krispies treats without any milk.
should be read the last writes.
is trending toward a conditional performance evaluation.
forgot the face of their father.
brings dishonor upon the GRG today.
is the asparagus of the dinner table.
has not accomplished any significant goals today.
cannot see the forest, the trees, or the paper made from the trees. Or any writing on the paper.
should be wearing a dunce cap today.
is actually pretty special and a great writer. Did I mention today is Opposite Day?
writes like the wind. The wind beneath the wings of a bird that's not moving.
is the Martin Shkreli of the GRG.
writes like a Tweet. 140 characters a session.
is performing poorly today.
is stuck in a rut today.
still codes on a TRS-80.
has seen better days.
is a rainy day with a leaky umbrella.
needs a swift kick in the bottom. For motivation.
is making me, lines of text in a computer, sad.
is critically underwhelming today.
leaves us wanting more. More words on the page.
has breathed in too many paint fumes from the lab.
is a horse hiney.
UWTMA (uses way too many acronyms).
is terrible at video games.
needs to reconsider the appropriate amount of antiperspirant. 
needs to get it together. 
has no idea what is going on anymore. 
is totally clueless. 
always blames the WiFi. 
is no Anastasia. 
makes Rudy look productive. 
needs to stop spending all their time on slack. 
tries hard but finds writing difficult 
uses occultism and mind control, but not in a good way. 
prefers reddit over writeit. 